---layout: posttitle: Mobile application provider TapCrowd closes €1,1 million of fundingurl: http://tapcrowd.com/news/mobile-application-provider-tapcrowd-closes-%E2%82%AC11-million-funding---{% include JB/setup %}<p>  Ghent, Belgium – July 5th, 2012 - TapCrowd, an innovator in mobile application building announced today that it has successfully closed seed funding, totalling € M1.  1.  “This funding underlines our commitment to play a pivotal role in the mobile revolution and to build out our beachheads in Sao Paulo for the latin-american market and Istanbul for the asian market.  We expect to take our first steps into the US market before the end of 2012”, says Toon Vanparys, serial entrepreneur and chairman of the board at TapCrowd.  Around the founders Brecht Fourneau and Miquël Vermeulen, we have created a management team with complementary skills, with both knowledge in software development and graphical design as experience in sales and marketing.  The entire management team contributed to this successful capital round.  Next to the commercial investments our most important objective is the further expansion of our platform to profile mobile users”, adds Niko Nelissen, board member at TapCrowd.  Earlier this month TapCrowd signed a strategic agreement with Belgacom.  The incumbent Belgian telco will use this platform for the creation of city and event apps under the brand Belgacom MyApp.  With its recent expansion of the sales and marketing team in its headquarters in Ghent (Belgium) and start-up of points of sales in Sao Paulo (Brazil) and Istanbul (Turkey), TapCrowd has become a leading international player in the app-building platform industry.<br /><p><a href="http://tapcrowd.com/news/mobile-application-provider-tapcrowd-closes-%E2%82%AC11-million-funding">Read Full Story</a></p>