---layout: posttitle: Facebook’s Latest iOS SDK Update and What It Means For Youurl: http://blog.parse.com/2013/03/11/facebooks-latest-ios-sdk-update-and-what-it-means-for-you/---{% include JB/setup %}<p>  We know that Facebook integration is important for you and your apps, so we strive to make sure you can use the latest and greatest features of the Facebook SDK in your Parse-powered apps.   Recently, Facebook released update 3.  2 to their iOS Facebook SDK, adding support for better mobile analytics, enhanced error handling, improved dialog support, and a number of other API improvements.   Today we’re excited to announce that the Parse SDK has been updated to support these powerful new features.  As part of our continued support for Facebook integration with Parse, we are changing the way that the Parse SDK works with the Facebook SDK.   Instead of including a copy of the Facebook SDK within our framework, we now allow you to use the Facebook SDK downloaded directly from Facebook’s developer website in your applications.   This has a number of benefits for you:
 It reduces the size of the Parse iOS SDK by 32%.   If you don’t use Facebook in your apps, this is pure savings for you.   If you do use Facebook, you no longer have to worry about side-by-side integration of the genuine Facebook SDK and the one bundled with the Parse SDK.  Facebook SDK tutorials and samples will work, verbatim, with your code.<br /><p><a href="http://blog.parse.com/2013/03/11/facebooks-latest-ios-sdk-update-and-what-it-means-for-you/">Read Full Story</a></p>