---layout: posttitle: Mobile and Cloud, FeedHenry’s Mobile Application Platform on Rackspaceurl: http://www.feedhenry.com/2013/04/mobile-and-cloud-feedhenrys-mobile-application-platform-on-rackspace/---{% include JB/setup %}<p>  There’s no secret that we live in the mobile era, all over the world smartphone market penetration keeps growing and in some countries tablets are selling more than desktop computers and laptops.    Everything in the mobile industry is evolving, more than 100 mobile operators around the world are now offering 4G speeds, WiFi hotspots are everywhere and it is almost impossible to be at an airport, in a restaurant or any workplace without noticing smartphones and tablets in use.  Technology has made mobile devices smaller more powerful and with a variety of features, and users are consuming all those technology improvements through mobile apps.  Yes, there are millions of apps now from gaming and social media to shopping and banking, and this explosion of data being consumed through mobile devices has had an impact on business.  Not only from the commercial point of view, with companies offering products and services through their apps but also it has forced enterprises to look at the benefits of apps designed for employees to improve productivity and reduce costs.  In many businesses this is now as important as is reaching customers via mobile devices.  In parallel to this new mobile reality, companies around the world have been embracing cloud computing and the adoption of cloud based applications continues to grow.   Rackspace as market leader in Infrastructure-as-a-Service has seen significant growth in the adoption of cloud computing thanks to the many benefits that cloud offers businesses – from having a pool of resources available on virtual servers and the cost savings these represent to the fact that the infrastructure is hosted and maintained without capital expenditures.  All of this brings us back to embracing the two single biggest world trends in Information Technology; mobile and cloud, especially for enterprise mobile apps.  Enterprises that are looking to provide mobile access to their employees and/or partners (B2E and B2B) require access to systems already in the cloud – access to a number of backend systems such as CRMs, ERPs and other internal systems.<br /><p><a href="http://www.feedhenry.com/2013/04/mobile-and-cloud-feedhenrys-mobile-application-platform-on-rackspace/">Read Full Story</a></p>