---
layout: post
title: The Phone Unlocking Legal Battle And Why It’s Important, From Kumulos (Backend as a Service)
url: http://www.kumulos.com/2013/03/18/unlocking-battle-kumulos-backend-as-a-service/
---
{% include JB/setup %}
<p>  As many of you probably know, unlocking your phone was recently outlawed in the US and it caused quite a fuss when it happened.  After all, it had been legal for over half a decade before hand, but with pressure from mobile providers coming thick and fast, the bill was passed and now users who unlock their phones face incredibly harsh punishments if they are caught doing so outwith their carrier’s permission.  How harsh are these punishments?  Well, those found breaking the unlocking ban can face, and this isn’t an exaggeration here, a potential $500,000 fine and 5 years in prison.  And that’s the potential sentencing for first time offenders.  If you’re caught a second time, the sentence doubles.  Aside from the disproportionate punishments for breaking this new law, it also traps customers of the various carriers into either sticking with the same company or having to go through whatever process the carrier has for doing a “legal” unlocking.  In the case of AT&T, many customers who have tried to unlock their phones have been made to jump through various bureaucratic hoops to do so and even then, sometimes are told that it turns out their phones can’t be unlocked anyways.  There’s also the issue that the “unlocking” that is usually done by carriers is similar to a temporary unlock for say, a holiday, and the more permanent unlocking constantly has its goal posts shifted constantly to try to prevent customers jumping ship from the carrier.  The phone unlocking debate also raises a larger issue over device ownership and also our ownership of the mobile sphere.<br />
<p><a href="http://www.kumulos.com/2013/03/18/unlocking-battle-kumulos-backend-as-a-service/">Read Full Story</a></p>
