---
layout: post
title: The Backend as a Service Ecosystem Map Update: A Growing Market
url: http://kinveyposts.wordpress.com/2013/01/17/the-backend-as-a-service-ecosystem-map-update-a-growing-market/
---
{% include JB/setup %}
<p>  Just six months ago, the backend as a service (or BaaS) category was small and relatively unknown in the general tech community.  Now, though not quite a household term, BaaS is gaining recognition thanks to lift in media / analyst coverage and a surge in new companies entering the space.  And not all of the new entrants are startups.  In fact, some of the biggest tech players — like Microsoft with its Azure Web Services — are adding backend services to their suite of offerings.  It’s only a matter of time until another behemoth like Google, Oracle or Amazon spin up (or acquire) their own backend platform.  As a service to the industry, we’ve done our best to visualize the complete mobile BaaS ecosystem and its relationship to adjacent categories like Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS).  Today we are pleased to share the third version of the graphic, complete with new entrants, such as Kii (BaaS) and Singly (mobile service), and new data points, like funding.  Click to enlarge image.  As our business development leader Annie Bourne pointed out during the last update, there is a distinct migration toward the middle, where mobile development tool companies are moving down the stack while traditional enterprise software players are moving up.  That trend has continued over the last six months.<br />
<p><a href="http://kinveyposts.wordpress.com/2013/01/17/the-backend-as-a-service-ecosystem-map-update-a-growing-market/">Read Full Story</a></p>
